Add DE --> EN (#3)
taskbase/open-taskpool: README.md

This will spin up a docker container and expose the API server under port [:58000](http://localhost:58000).
Visit [localhost:58000/redoc](http://localhost:58000/redoc) to access the OpenAPI Specification.

> The DB is included in the [base image](https://hub.docker.com/r/taskbase/taskpool-database) of that container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database is included in the [base image](https://hub.docker.com/r/taskbase/taskpool-database) of that container.
```

You can also download a seeded `taskpool.db` SQLite database separately [here](https://tb-open-taskpool.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/taskpool.db). 
It includes language learning exercises for UK 🇺🇦 → DE 🇩🇪 and DE 🇩🇪 → EN 🇬🇧.

Obviously, you can also generate your own `taskpool.db` 😎. 

> To overwrite the per default available DB in the image, place the `taskpool.db` file inside the root of this repository and uncomment the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To overwrite the default database in the image, place the `taskpool.db` file inside the root of this repository and uncomment the
```
